[Music]
there it is planet druidia underneath
the air shield ten thousand years of
fresh air let's get through that airship
we will once we kidnap the princess we
can force her father King Roland to give
us a combination to the air shield
thereby destroying planet druidia and
saving Planet spaceball everybody got
that
Spaceballs the move
princess Vespa spaceship within range
sir good what's going on either the
fourth of July or someone's trying to
kill now we'll show her who is in charge
of this galaxy if you do not give me the
combination to the air shield dr.
schlotkin will give your daughter back
her nose
[Music]
only one man and his trusted companion
and save planet druidia from disaster
okay eagle fire coming in own star first
they must learn the secrets of yo-yo I
am the keeper of a greater magic the
force no their Schwarz avoid capture on
a distant planet
come on the comb the desert you hear me
comb the desert
found anything yet we ain't found battle
the entire spaceball army and escape the
clutches of dark helmet I see your
forces as big as mine avenge and proceed
to escape rise
[Music]
how's the matter to see this happen in
the movie
[Music]
give me paw
Spaceballs the movie how do I know
you're not making faces at me under that
thing and may the Schwartz be with
[Music]